Q: Tell me about yourself.
A: Start the answer by looking at the job description. Do they want a problem solver, a quick learner?

Q: What is your greatest strength?
A: Highlight both soft and technical skill. Mention something that gives the interviewer confidence that his company will do better when you join.

Q: What is your weakness?
A: Don't mention a weakness that disqualifies you for the job. Give an answer and then also tell how you cope with it, to show you're a problem solver.
MYA: I help people too much. It hasn't delayed my work, but it has caused me stress as my deadlines become more tight.

Q: Why should we hire you?
A: Talk about your qualities that make you good for this job. Paint a picture. Also talk about why you would be a good cultural fit.

Q: Why do you want to work here?
A: Make it about them (shows you've done your research, and you care about their needs). You can talk about what YOU want after that. Speak from the heart.

Q: Tell me about a time you showed leadership?
A: Make stories compelling. Take about the initial events that occurred, and how you dealt with that situation. End story with how you were successful. Talk about getting your coworkers on board.

Q: Tell me about a time you were successful with the team.
A: Same strategy as above.

Q: What would your coworkers say about you?
A: Make it relevant to the job description. Show evidence of your statements.

Q: Teach me something in 5 min. (Technical question)
A:

Q: Tell me about a technical problem you faced and how dealt with it. (Technical question)
A:

Q: What are you excited about in Web Development? (Technical question)
A:

Q: Why are you leaving your current role?
A: Talk about what you're looking forward to in this new job. Relate it to the job description.

Q: Describe your most challenging project.


Q: Tell me something you've accomplished that you're proud of.

MYA: StackOverflow or Python stocks

Q: What are your salary expectations?
A: Give a range, not a specific number. Justify this range through research you've done.

Q: What do you like to do outside of work?
A: Give an answer that shows you would be a good cultural fit.

Q: Tell me about a time when you had to manage conflicting priorities.
MYA: I could talk about working with both FBN consultant and solving bugs for 14.3 release.

Q: Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
A: Talk about what you can give your employers, rather than what you can take. Break the description into 2-3 years chunk. Talk about the value you are going to deliver. Avoid mentioning job titles.

Q: Tell me about your leadership style.
A: Maybe give an example. Explain the value your style brought.

Q: Tell me about a time you made a mistake.


Q: Tell me about a time you worked with a difficult person.
A:
MYA: Sajosh

Q: Tell me about a time when you disagreed with someone.
MYA: Ganesh: to create buttons as separate components or not.

Q: Tell about a time when you created a goal and achieved.
MYA: Convincing my team to follow better coding standards.

Q: Tell me about a time you surpassed people's expectations.
MYA: Scorecard for Credit Evaluation

Q: Tell me about a time you had to handle pressure.


Q: Tell me about a time you had to learn something quickly.


Q: Do you have questions for me.
A: Ask them about their careers. How did they get here? What do they do in the company?
